docs: running tests improvements (#26956)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/running-tests-js.md

- [How to debug tests](/running-tests.md#debugging-tests)
- [How to open the HTML test reporter](/running-tests.md#test-reports)

## VS Code extension

Tests can be run right from VS Code using the [VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-playwright.playwright). Once installed you can simply click the green triangle next to the test you want to run or run all tests from the testing sidebar. Check out our [Getting Started with VS Code](./getting-started-vscode.md#running-tests) guide for more details.

![Playwright VS Code extension](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/assets/13063165/47726e70-683b-4bd5-94de-7d03dd45c30f)

## Command line

You can run your tests with the `playwright test` command. This will run your tests on all browsers as configured in the `playwright.config` file. Tests run in headless mode by default meaning no browser window will be opened while running the tests and results will be seen in the terminal.

```bash
npx playwright test
```

![tests running in command line](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/assets/13063165/981c1b2b-dc7e-4b85-b241-272b44da6628)

### Run tests in UI mode

> We highly recommend running your tests with [UI Mode](./test-ui-mode.md) for a better developer experience where you can easily walk through each step of the test and visually see what was happening during, before and after each step. UI mode also comes with many other features such as the locator picker, watch mode and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We highly recommend running your tests with [UI Mode](./test-ui-mode.md) for a better developer experience where you can easily walk through each step of the test and visually see what was happening before, during, and after each step. UI mode also comes with many other features such as the locator picker, watch mode and more.
```

```bash
npx playwright test --ui
```

![UI Mode](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/assets/13063165/c5b501cc-4f5d-485a-87cc-66044c651786)

Check out or [detailed guide on UI Mode](./test-ui-mode.md) to learn more about it's features.

### Run tests in headed mode

> To run your tests in headed mode use the `--headed` flag. This will open up a browser window while running your tests and once finished the browser window will close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your tests in headed mode use the `--headed` flag. This will give you the ability to visually see, how Playwright interacts with the website.
```

```bash
npx playwright test --project webkit --project firefox
```

### Run specific tests

To run a single test file pass in the name of the test file that you want to run.

```bash
npx playwright test landing-page.spec.ts
```

To run a set of test files from different directories pass in the names of the directories that you want to run the tests in.

```bash
npx playwright test tests/todo-page/ tests/landing-page/
```

To run files that have `landing` or `login` in the file name simply pass in these keywords to the CLI.

```bash
npx playwright test landing login
```

To run a test with a specific title use the `-g` flag followed by the title of the test.

```bash
npx playwright test -g "add a todo item"
```

## Debugging tests

Since Playwright runs in Node.js, you can debug it with your debugger of choice e.g. using `console.log` or inside your IDE or directly in VS Code with the [VS Code Extension](./getting-started-vscode.md). Playwright comes with the [Playwright Inspector](./debug.md#playwright-inspector) which allows you to step through Playwright API calls, see their debug logs and explore [locators](./locators.md).

> To debug all tests run the Playwright test command followed by the `--debug` flag.

Reviewer: We should add a note here that we recommend UI Mode for debugging. --debug and page.pause() are last resort. And only if thats not enough, we recommend --debug.
